rpwdg - Random Password Generator

Description:
  rpwdg is a command line app that generates random passwords of various lengths and
  characters. It can be used to create secure and unique passwords for different accounts
  or purposes.

Usage:
  rpwdg (-h|-v|-L <length> [-u][-d][-s]...)

Arguments:
  length  Specify the length of the password, between 4 and 16.

Options:
  -h, --help    Show this help message and exit.
  -v, --version Show the app version and exit.
  -L, --length  Use this option to specify the length of the password. This option is mutually exclusive with the -h and -v options. If used, it must be followed by a valid length argument.
  -u, --upper   Include uppercase letters in the password. This option is only valid when the -L option is used. It can be combined with the -d and/or -s options in any order or grouping.
  -d, --digits  Include digits in the password. This option is only valid when the -L option is used. It can be combined with the -u and/or -s options in any order or grouping.
  -s, --special Include special characters in the password. This option is only valid when the -L option is used. It can be combined with the -u and/or -d options in any order or grouping.

Examples:
  rpwdg -h          Show this help message and exit.
  rpwdg -v          Show the app version and exit.
  rpwdg -L 8        Generate a random password of 8 characters, using lowercase letters only.
  rpwdg -L 12       Generate a random password of 12 characters, using lowercase letters only.
  rpwdg -L 10 -u    Generate a random password of 10 characters, using lowercase and uppercase letters.
  rpwdg -L 16 -d    Generate a random password of 16 characters, using lowercase letters and digits.
  rpwdg -L 14 -s    Generate a random password of 14 characters, using lowercase letters and special characters.
  rpwdg -L 8 -uds   Generate a random password of 8 characters, using lowercase, uppercase, digits, and special characters.

Note: The order and grouping of the -u, -d, and -s options do not matter. For example, rpwdg -L 4 -u -d is equivalent to rpwdg -L 4 -ud.

More information:
  For more detailed documentation, see the README file or visit https://github.com/IltonS/random-password-generator
